## Decisions:
There were various decisions made during this project, but one of the most important decisions made was probably asking for help from ChatGPT. There were times where I had problems with certain features that I didn’t know how to fix, and I had no prior knowledge of being able to fix it. One example of a problem that I had was being able to return the three pictures on the main page back to their original size when someone used the browser’s arrow key to go back to the main page. Once someone uses the browser's arrow button to go back, the pictures would be huge due to the browser automatically showing the past state of the webpage. JavaScript needed to be utilized to bring the pictures back to their default size on the main page. I had let a few hours go by until I decided that I needed to ask ChatGPT for help with the problem. I thought this problem was important to fix because most people would probably use their browser’s arrow key to go back to the main page instead of wanting to use the “Back to Home” button on the webpage.

## What worked:
One thing I’m proud of is getting the mobile features to work. The double-tap feature looks good, and other mobile integration features allowed the webpages to translate well on mobile devices. From my experience, double-tap isn’t too common on websites; it seems to be more common on apps downloaded from an app store; however, I am satisfied that I was able to implement it because it was something that I’ve never done before. I’m appreciative of the ability to create separate sections dedicated to mobile devices in CSS. Due to how certain pictures were situated, it didn’t look right on mobile phone screens compared to desktop screens, so sections meant for mobile were crucial for the website to fit on smaller screens.
​
## What would you do differently:
When it comes to what I should have done differently, I should have used flexbox for the product webpages. For the past assignments within the CMPA courses, I used flexbox for every webpage, but for some odd reason, it did not occur to me to use it for the product webpages. Once I had adjusted the “Zebco” webpage manually, which was the first webpage that I finished typing text for, I thought maybe I could do it the same with the other two pages. This project actually took way longer than I had planned for, and I didn’t realize that I should have used flexbox until after finishing the website. I think a lot of wasted hours went into trying to adjust margins. A lot of hours could have been saved if I had just used flexbox on the product pages and not just for the main page.
​
## What did you learn:
This project has taught me a great deal of information. JavaScript was a lesson learned. Before starting this project, I had never used JavaScript. I knew about it, and from inspecting many websites’ source code, I knew a lot of modern websites used it, but it was foreign. This project has taught me that JavaScript is a very good tool that I need to continue to learn because there is still so much more that I don’t know about it. Mobile integration was another tool that was important to learn. I didn’t realize that websites needed two different CSS sections for desktop and mobile devices. Before, when I would use flexbox, I would use the “flex-wrap” property as a way to allow some sense of mobile integration, but this project taught me that there needed to be dedicated mobile sections within CSS for webpages to look good on smaller screens.
